boracay mansion here we go going up the
stairs I kit also taking a video fares
go in all the way up let's do it fast so
we can get to eat nice take cook a few
of the view nice view their school yarn
cookie with a Cadel all right going up
the pool ah on top of the mountain side
of the house room here room there other
room up there and another room up there
that's wrong right on say hi to YouTube
there you go go inside let's check out
the koi oh here you go the bar and Adam
hi Adam hello hi YouTube is T 2 g's room
the bar lounge I think that's a light
something Ahmad and shun haces room and
some koi here
you see there i went through that steps
all right going up we're going up there
set up stairs so we're going up I'm just
excited because my first time here and
its really really nice okay this is the
view up here let's go to the view first
oh nice i wish i could bring everyone
and i know here you have a good time
right now this is the pool and they're
all down there is a sauna okay here's my
wife hi baby how are you miss me and
this is the TV room
here are the kids Mason Leia Nico yes
Sheila Oh wet hi mommy how are you
thought I just ups with them at the love
at the lani is going on youtube to go to
like the NSA YouTube nano cat and
slippers slippers all around therefore
go to our room nice than any nagluluto
catellani you know when we got on the me
patty but it gotta be like blech blech
there you go I were a double Kong Kong
an hour secon in and push it and there's
mr. macho man himself doing that's a
ritual for him to clap the slippers for
good luck that's it oh wait our room our
room we go to our room
all right going going going is where we
sleep let's do two key there you go so
they're going just excited to show
everyone where we went it's after
wedding thing and here you go one more
of the view hope you enjoyed it because
I enjoyed it